(crying)
Oh, look, it's Mr. Rabbit.
He's come to play with you.
Hiya, Frankie.
How are you today?
Terrified of rabbits, Dad.
Thanks for asking.
Come here, baby.
Hi! Hi!
Nat, he's wet.
No wonder he's hysterical.
Come on, let's go change you.
No, please. Let me.
I'll get the diaper bag.
Here's the rabbit.
(entrance bell rings)
Oh, how's Frankie?
Kid gets three squares
of breast milk a day,
has women powdering his butt
on a regular basis.
What does he have to cry about?
Mm, well, maybe it's
the company he's keeping.
Valerie should come
with a warning label.
Broken record, Kel.
I just don't know how someone
so smart could be so blind.
Okay, I'll bite.
What are you talking about?
Nothing.
Nothing?
No, see you brought this up.
So, you have to give.
You really don't know, do you?
What are you talking about, Kel?
Valerie claims
to have been pregnant
and had an abortion.
When?
Last week.
She cried all over my shoulder.
Steve's, too.
VALERIE:
Here's the happy baby.
High and dry.
Oh. Ooh...
Yeah.
NAT:
Come here, my little darling.
Whoa, your little
hat went off.
Hey, you've got
a way with kids, Val.
Yeah, like Custer had
a way with the Indians.
I don't get it, why wouldn't
she tell me about this?
For some reason,
she has trouble lying to you.
A problem she doesn't have
with the rest of us.
♪ ♪
I can't believe it.
David inherited $250,000
from his grandfather?
That's right.
Thanks.
Wow!
Your dad must have
loved him very much.
David was his only grandson.
They were very
fond of each other.
You know, David hasn't said
a word about this to anyone.
MEL:
That's probably just as well.
I'm really worried about what
this money might do to him.
Unfortunately, his grandfather
had a lot more confidence
in him than I do.
Well, he has been going through
a lot of changes lately.
Donna, you don't
have to protect him.
We all know what his behavior
has been like lately.
And you're afraid the money
is going to make it worse.
David wants his freedom.
Now, thanks to his grandfather,
he can afford it.
(phone ringing)
I'll get it.
(ringing stops abruptly)
All right.
(ringing resumes)
(groans)
Hello?
Hey, beautiful.
Hi.
Um, I'll be right back.
Did you just hang up?
Just a little phone code.
One ring means that
I am crazy about you.
I see, and what does
two rings mean?
Means that I wish
I was with you.
I don't, uh, think I'm ready
to know what three rings means.
(chuckling):
Good.
'Cause I'm not sure
I'm ready to tell you.
Um, look, I, um, I have to go.
So, I'll just see you
at campus, okay?
All right, go.
All right, bye.
Sorry.
So, uh, what do you want us
to do, keep an eye on him?
I would really
appreciate it, Donna.
I'm just concerned that
he might be getting
in over his head.
Well, I would talk
to him, but I don't...
I don't think
he's gonna listen to me.
I'll look out for him, Mel.
Thanks, Donna.
Okay, I'm gonna get
back to the office.
See ya.
Bye.
(phone rings twice,
then stops)
Hey, there, big fella,
you got a tapeworm
or what?
(mumbling)
Rowing burns a thousand
calories an hour.
I'm sure it does.
You know, it's amazing that
you can keep on
any weight at all,
what with all this rowing
and the secrets you keep.
Secrets?
I don't know how
you do it, man.
The anxiety.
The not sleeping at night.
Th-The sweats...
You're amazing, man.
Hmm, um...
You know what?
I did take $20
from the cookie jar once,
but I put it back
two days later.
I'm not talking about
the cookie jar, Steve.
I'm talking about Valerie.
Why didn't you tell me?
Look, I wasn't trying to
hide anything from you.
I found out by accident.
I didn't want
to make things worse.
So you told "Darth Taylor"?
(snickers)
I just figured
she should talk to a woman.
Right church, wrong pew,
my friend.
(chuckling)
Kelly thinks Valerie
is lying about the whole thing,
including the abortion.
Yeah, well, here's what I know.
Valerie said
Kenny took her to the clinic.
Kelly says he didn't.
Valerie told me they
gave her Diazepam.
But then she told me
that she drove home.
How's that?
And that's your whole case?
Yeah.
Next, you're going
to be telling me
Colonel Mustard did it in the
observatory with a lead pipe.
(chuckling)
I'm going to the marina.
Steve, what do you think?
I don't know
what to think.
Things just don't add up.
So, you think she's lying, too?
Yeah... it's Valerie.
See you later.
Yeah.
KELLY:
Hi, Val.
Kelly.
How are you?
Obviously not
as good as you.
Mm, I can't help it.
Telling the truth
feels so good.
Well, hip hip hooray.
Mm, I mean,
when I told Brandon
about what happened
between you and Kenny,
I felt like just
a huge weight had been
lifted right off
my shoulders.
Hi, what can I get you?
Espresso,
decaffeinated.
Coffee, black.
Exactly which part about
what happened between me
and Kenny did you tell?
Mm, let's see.
Pregnancy, abortion.
The basics.
God, I hate you.
But when I got to the part about
how I didn't believe any of it,
mm, talk about the truth
setting you free.
If you knew what
I went through...
Save the sob story for Brandon.
You're going to need it.
He'll believe me.
Well, he always has.
But sooner or later, he won't.
My money's on sooner.
Together
or separate?
Together.
My treat.
Power stroke! One...
two...
three...
So, what do you think?
They look pretty good.
They look... better.
Come on, admit it.
What they've done
is pretty impressive.
Clare, guy weighs
300 pounds.
He loses a
hundred pounds,
everybody says
they're impressed.
I say he shouldn't
have weighed 300
in the first place.
Good times, guys.
Well, if it isn't the
scourge of the seven seas.
Why don't you go
sit on an oar?
You guys are looking good.
So are you.
You too, Captain SPF.
You know,
that sunblock on your
nose is so becoming,
I think your ears
are getting jealous.
Oh, abbreviations 101, isn't
that a step up for you, Sanders?
Here we go, guys.
Hands on.
Over the head.
Ready, up!
Here we go!
You know, Sanders,
I'm glad you guys
are halfway decent.
That way, maybe you can
stay afloat long enough
to see us kick
your sorry butts.
Oh, yeah, we'll see you
cross the finish line,
from the winner's circle.
(chuckling):
Yeah.
All right,
Take it, guys.
now that we've
had a chance
to measure our manhood,
let's go in the water.
No, no, no, let me give you
a little advice, Sanders.
Quit now and save yourself
a lot of embarrassment.
The only thing I'm
embarrassed about
is how little we have
riding on this race.
CLARE:
Uh, don't go there,
either of you.
No, no,
if he wants to dig his
grave a little deeper,
who are we to stop him?
Let's up the ante.
I wouldn't.
I would.
Fine.
I'll be in the shell.
Great girl.
But you already know that.
Loser serves the winner's
frat dinner for a week.
Plus dates.
Fine, you'll be doing it.
Oh, tell me what
Clare's favorite meal is.
I just want to make sure
you get a chance to serve it.
Oh, that's easy.
That would be pile of Steve,
masquerading around
a lovely almond massage oil,
rolphed, not rubbed.
Whatever. So, it's a bet?
Oh, it's a pleasure.
Right.
(exhales)
Hey, I can't decide
what to lead with.
The alumni
endowment drive or...
Are you listening to me?
By the way, there's a naked
woman in your office.
Shall I tell her to wait?
Say you're pregnant.
I'm pregnant.
That's not funny.
Say your pregnant.
Do you tell your best friend?
Absolutely.
And what if you get an abortion?
I wouldn't get an abortion.
But if I did, I would
definitely tell
because I'd want
a shoulder to cry on.
And what if the
shoulder was mine?
Well, you're not an easy
person to confess to.
Okay, say you made
the whole thing up
just to get back at
some guy who hurt you?
No, then I wouldn't tell anyone.
That's what I was afraid of.
Any chance of film at 11,
so I can figure out
what you're talking about?
I wish I knew myself.
(sighs)
Why don't you just ask the
mystery girl straight out?
No, I can't do that;
I need more information first.
Then ask the guy.
That's a good idea.
Thanks, Tracy, you da man.
Oh, uh, don't lead
with the endowment drive.
Money stories in block three.
Thank you, fearless leader.
David, hi.
Hey.
Hey, how's it going?
Did you know that as early as
1835, Alexis de Tocqueville
predicted that America and
Russia would be two superpowers?
Mm... no,
can't say I did.
This guy is a French political
scientist that we're studying.
Now, he knew the
future of the world
would be shaped by
two totally backward,
undeveloped countries.
Cool. Well, it sounds
like a good class.
It's incredible;
I love it.
Okay, whoa, what'd
you do with him?
The real David Silver?
The guy I'm looking for--
downbeat...
Moody?
Yeah, glass half-empty
kind of guy? Mm-hmm.
(laughs)
Uh, he-he changed.
You're really happy, aren't you?
Yeah. Yeah, I am.
Of course, I owe a
lot of that to you,
I mean, I wouldn't have even
come back to school
if it wasn't for you.
You know, I'm done for
the day, and I've got to go
pick up some stuff
for the house.
You want to come with me?
Yeah, sure.
Great. That was easy.
(laughs)
(chuckles)
(door opens)
Right this way.
Thanks.
Hi, Kenny.
Thanks for seeing me
on such short notice.
No problem.
Uh, can I get you
something to drink?
No, thanks, I'm fine.
Just hold my calls.
So, how you doing?
Good, good, thanks.
How's the family?
The family's good,
everyone's good.
Except for Valerie.
Yeah. Well...
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, I thought you would be.
Look, Brandon,
I feel terrible
about what happened.
Things just got a little, um...
out of control.
Kenny, would you mind telling me
exactly what did happen?
Bottom line, uh,
I fell in love...
with the wrong girl.
But you did love her?
I would have done
anything for her.
Pardon me for noticing, but...
you're still married,
and she went through
this whole thing alone.
Well, she didn't have
to go through it alone, Brandon.
You didn't dump her?
(chuckles)
Brandon...
I cared about her.
I wanted to help her.
And after she told me
she was pregnant,
the only thing that she
wanted from me was my money.
She asked you for money?
Well, Valerie
doesn't ask,
she demands, you know--
it's more like ransom.
"Give me money,
or I will have this baby."
"Give me money, or I
will tell your wife."
How much?
Hundred grand.
That's a lot of money.
And...
when I hesitated
about paying her...
she paid a visit to my wife
with a little present.
A box of diapers.
Talk about
your fatal attraction.
So obviously, you, uh,
gave her the money, right?
Yeah. It was worth it
to get her out of my life.
Kenny, do you...
do you know for a fact
that she actually was pregnant?
No.
Um, you know what, to be
honest with you, though,
I don't care--
as long as it's over.
Are we through here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
absolutely, absolutely.
Thanks for your time
and your honesty, man.
I really appreciate it.
Take care, Brandon.
Okay, thanks. You, too.
DONNA:
David, what do you need
a new watch for?
You've already got three.
Yeah, but this one's
got a chronometer on it.
Did you see that?
Hey, how about this?
You can't... you can't
forget about this, huh?
Oh. Oh, right,
your $200 pen.
A bargain.
Designed by NASA.
You can write upside down
with this thing.
Oh, that makes all
the difference.
Okay, fine, how about the, uh,
electric toilet seat warmer.
(fake laughing):
Oh, yeah!
For those cold Southern
California nights.
David, is all this stuff
really necessary?
Donna, that's the point.
I don't get it.
I inherited $250,000!
I can do anything
I want to.
I-I can buy all the
stupid stuff I want.
I can buy you all
the stupid stuff you want.
What do you want?
David, would you calm down?
You're embarrassing me!
(fake laughing)
No, I'm not, Donna--
they love people like me.
I'm an impulse shopper.
You know what? Can we please
just get out of here?
Okay?
Okay, fine.
Good. Thanks.
You know, I've never
been to Australia.
How about Egypt? Egypt--
if we left right now
I bet you we could be at
the pyramids by breakfast.
What do you say?
I'd say that you
lost your mind!
Uh, you know, I really
hope I never find it,
'cause I've never felt
this good in my life.
Excuse me what does it take to
get some service around here?
Donna, I think they
have potato clocks!
(sighs):
We should've had
this stuff delivered.
We're never gonna get
it all in the cars.
Yeah? Well, you shouldn't
have bought so much stuff.
You know, we could
take two trips,
but then again, we'd miss
our flight to Cairo.
Would you stop
that already?
Hey, you just
say the word.
(chuckles):
Ah, the word
is "binge."
Okay.
There.
Oh, perfect. Thank you.
Sure.
A twenty?
What? What?
The guy worked hard.
Don't you think you're just
a  little over the top there?
It's cool, isn't it?
David! What
are you doing?
What?
What, I'm not allowed
to kiss somebody I like?
No. Not like that,
not here.
You know, I'm beginning
to think Mel was right.
Wait, what does my father
have to do with this?
He was just... he-he's
a little worried about you.
And?
And he didn't think you'd listen
to him, and he was concerned,
so he asked me
to keep an eye on you.
That's great.
(chuckles):
My father's got you
spying for him.
No, I... I didn't say that.
What, is he afraid I'm
gonna do something stupid?
David...
Something crazy?
What, something deranged?
Oh, come on!
Wha... Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Wh-What's this?
Uh,
it was there already.
No, no, no.
I haven't seen this before.
Have you?
I can't be positive,
but I don't think so.
VALET:
Sir, cars are checked
before they're parked--
the scratch was there.
Excuse me,
the lady said it wasn't.
Well, she's wrong.
DAVID:
This is her car.
She drives this car every day.
You're trying to tell me
she hasn't seen
a scratch the size of Texas?
No, no, no, no,
no, you did this--
you have to pay for it.
David, please,
I said I wasn't sure.
Donna, either
you know or you don't.
Then I guess I don't.
It's just like a spy
to take the other side.
I'm on your side.
Keep acting this way,
and I'll be the only one who is.
DICK:
So, I'll see you
after class.
Yeah, I'll be
in the Condor's Nest.
Oh, we'll talk
race strategy.
(sighs):
Oh, yay.
Oh. You should be home
shining up your tray.
I got two things
to say to you:
serve from the left;
clear from the right.
In your dreams.
I think your boy's
getting nervous.
Mm. Well, if this
is about the race,
I don't want to talk
about it, okay?
You nervous, too?
No. Try bored.
The race, the bet,
the whole thing.
I don't know what it's gonna
take to convince you guys
it doesn't impress me.
You have convinced me.
I have?
Completely.
Well, then what's
with all the preening?
Well, at first
this race  was about you.
Now it's about setting out to do
something and doing it well.
Mm. Sounds like you're
a regular Horatio Alger.
Are you calling me a communist?
That's Alger Hiss, Steve.
Who?
Don't worry.
Don't strain your brain.
Look, Clare, I set out
to try and impress you,
I admit it.
But I ended up
impressing myself.
Hmm.
And this Horatio guy
is a Shakespeare character.
Hamlet.
I read the Cliff Notes
in ninth grade.
I'm not a complete imbecile.
(whistles)
BRANDON:
Hey, Val, is that you?
Waiting up for me?
A little early for curfew.
Just wanted to talk
to you, that's all.
(sighs)
Yeah.
I thought you might.
So, how do you
want to do this?
Well, you could believe me.
You didn't come to me, did you?
I know I didn't, Brandon.
I was embarrassed.
Embarrassed?
Well, if you're
telling the truth...
Well, of course
it was the truth.
Then there's nothing
to be embarrassed about.
Really.
I got pregnant by a married man
who doesn't want
anything to do with me.
That's pretty embarrassing,
don't you think?
Look, Val, I'd like
to help you, but, uh...
you got to tell me everything.
If you know about the pregnancy
and the abortion,
you do know everything.
What?
(sighs)
I went to see
Kenny Bannerman today.
He told me
about a certain
hundred thousand dollars
that, uh, I think
you're pretty intimate with.
(chuckles softly)
He did?
Yeah, he did.
I thought you were
gonna tell me everything.
Okay, so I didn't, okay?
Sue me.
This isn't about you, Brandon.
You're right, Val,
this isn't about me.
This is about you
and whether or not
I can trust you.
How could you do it?
He hurt me.
When I needed him the most,
he wasn't there.
Kelly said she thinks, uh,
you weren't even pregnant.
Who cares what Kelly thinks?
It's over.
You're right, Val,
it is over...
except for the money.
You got to give it back.
You're crazy.
I'm crazy?
Have you ever heard
the word "extortion"?
Huh? How about "fraud"?
How about "blackmail"?
You got to give the money back.
Is that a threat?
Only if you make it one.
Brandon, this is ridiculous.
You're right,
this is ridiculous.
Let me tell you how
this is gonna happen.
You're either
gonna give that money back,
or you're gonna find
a new place to live!
Do you understand?
KELLY:
This is really good.
What-what is it?
It's an authentic
North African couscous.
Hmm. Where'd you
learn to cook?
Casablanca.
You're kidding me.
Really. It wasn't enough
for my grandfather
to own half the TV stations
in California.
He had a calling to broadcast
TJ Hooker to the Third World.
Hmm. When were you there?
High school.
Mm, that must have
been amazing.
Not really.
It's kind hard to kiss
a girl through a veil.
I never know
when you're kidding.
Well, at least
I talk about myself.
What do you want to know?
I don't know, Kelly.
You know,
there's this...
this part of you
that you keep closed up.
It's better that way.
Is it?
What could be so bad
that I wouldn't understand?
I want to be close to you.
I know.
It's just hard talking about it.
What?
All right, I'll tell you.
But if after I tell you,
you just want to call it a day,
that's fine.
All right, all right.
Tell me you're an axe murderer.
No. No.
I used to have a drug problem.
Cocaine.
I got in way over my head
last year.
Is that all?
And I was in
a really bad relationship.
One that had a lot to do
with my addiction.
I feel so much better now.
None of this bothers you?
Well...
I've had a few
nighttime cravings
that I wouldn't want anybody
to know about either.
You have?
Found myself in the freezer,
ice cream section,
with a big spoon.
Chocolate?
Rocky road.
How do you expect me
to react to that?
With a great deal of compassion.
(doorbell chimes)
Hi, Valerie.
Is Brandon home?
Um, no, but you can
come in and wait if you want.
Thanks.
Nice place.
You like it?
I hear there's
a room available.
You're, uh, moving out?
Yeah.
How come?
Creative differences.
Valerie, um, I know this
isn't any of my business,
and if you want
to tell me to shut up,
I'll totally understand.
But I kind of know a little
of what's going on with you.
Brandon told you?
I just put two and two together.
Brandon's got a big mouth.
Actually, Brandon's
probably one of
the most discreet people I know.
Well, I'm glad you think so.
Look, I got a lot to do,
you know?
I haven't known him
as long as you have,
but I know him well enough
to know that he'd understand if
you'd just tell him the truth.
I did tell him the truth.
And now he wants me to be
a little more virtuous
than I can afford.
Well, maybe your virtue is worth
a lot more than you think.
Well, that's my decision,
not Brandon's.
Listen, I-I didn't
mean to interfere.
I just wanted
to drop off these tapes.
(doorbell chimes)
The hell are you doing here?
It'll only take a minute.
My wife's upstairs,
so clock's ticking.
Look, I know
you talked to Brandon.
And I'll tell you
what I told him:
That hundred grand was worth
getting you out of my life.
(sighs):
Here.
What is this?
It's the money.
I shouldn't have taken it
in the first place.
I don't want this.
Just take it, okay?
I promise, I'll stay
out of your life forever.
What's gotten into you?
Suddenly got religion?
It's a cheap price
to pay for peace of mind.
That's funny,
that's what I was thinking.
Dad, you promised
we'd play.
I'll be inside in a minute,
sweetheart, okay?
Who are you?
I'm, uh, I'm an acquaintance
of your dad's.
What's an acquaintance?
Someone you don't know
very well.
Are we through here?
Completely.
Come on, big guy,
let's go.
Come on, come on, come on.
(knocking)
DAVID:
Donna.
(knocking)
Hey.
I know I'm gonna regret
asking this,
but what are you doing
out here in your underwear?
Oh.
(chuckles)
I just went for a swim.
What?!
Are you nuts? In November?
It's, like, 50 degrees
in that water.
Yeah.
Uh, look, I-I forgot
to bring a towel.
I should let
you freeze.
Oh, by the way, I talked to
my mechanic, and, uh, he said
he could have the dent
repaired in your car in a day.
Thanks, but I'll take care
of it myself.
Oh, no, no, no,
don't worry about it.
I already got a loaner.
You'll love it.
It's a Porsche Cabriolet.
You know, David,
I know this is not
what you want
to hear right now,
but I'm really
worried about you.
I think you need help.
(chuckles)
Is this my father talking?
No.
You're scaring me.
Why? What's so scary?
I don't know.
People who go swimming
in the middle of winter,
go swimming in the middle
of the night by themselves.
Hey, have you heard about
that new club on Sunset?
Lines all the way
around the corner, but I heard
Ben Franklin's got some pull,
so we should be okay.
Please, please,
don't go anywhere.
Uh, thanks for the towel.
You sure you don't want to come?
Stay the night.
You can sleep on the couch.
I can't.
I got to go.
I'll see you later.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Just a little
mental preparation.
Psych myself up.
What about you?
Oh, I just went for a walk.
Been coming down here
a lot lately at night.
You know, it's
interesting, Clare,
these shells are only a
sixteenth of an inch thick,
made out of Kevlar.
Same stuff as
bulletproof vests.
Hmm.
You've done your homework.
(knocks on boat)
Kind of wish my heart
was wrapped in Kevlar.
Well, you wouldn't need
a bulletproof vest
around your heart if you used
your head once in a while.
(chuckles)
I knew you were gonna say that.
Good night, Clare.
Steve, wait.
What?
I'm really impressed
with what you've done.
I just wish
you'd done it sooner.
(sighs)
You know, I've decided
to stop hurting
and start healing, Clare.
So I've turned a corner on this.
I feel pretty good
about myself, too.
Good-bye.
(door opens, then closes)
Still here, huh?
Don't rub it in.
I thought I was
pretty specific, Val.
I got the message, Brandon.
So what'd you do about it?
I did what you told me.
I gave the money back.
Good.
For who?
Not for me.
My club's on the verge
of bankruptcy.
Better your club than your soul.
You know what, Brandon?
I'm sick and tired
of you preaching to me.
Okay.
(sighs softly)
So are you staying?
Why?
Is there some other
test I have to pass?
Want me to sign a loyalty oath
or random drug testing?
Loyalty oath might be nice.
When have I not
been loyal to you?
Okay.
I want you to answer
me one question.
Were you really pregnant?
(sighs)
No.
I lied about the baby
and the abortion.
Don't hate me Brandon, okay?
I don't hate you, Valerie,
but sometimes you make it
very difficult for me
to like you.
He led me on.
He told me he was
getting a divorce.
I fell in love with him.
I thought he could save me.
No one can save you like that;
you know better.
I wanted to believe in him.
He reminded me of my father.
And when he deserted me,
I just, I couldn't take it.
So then you decided to take him.
Yeah, I guess so.
You know, I-I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I can't
live up to your values.
I-I thought I could,
but I can't.
I'm not like you,
Brandon.
(sighs softly)
Val, it's okay.
You did the right thing.
You made amends.
Well, it didn't
make me feel that good.
Just want to let you know that.
You know, Val...
(sighs softly)
you got to straighten yourself
out or you're gonna get yourself
in trouble so deep that no one's
gonna be able to get you out.
You hear what I'm saying?
Yeah, I hear you.
Good.
'Cause this advice
cost you a lot.
Don't remind me.
(chanting):
BGB row! BGB row!
Yeah!
Hey! Whoo!
Hey, good luck.
You losers are
gonna need it.
(laughs)
Thanks a lot.
All you guys, good luck.
What's that supposed to mean?
I don't know, Dick.
I think it means good luck.
And on another note,
I hope you and Clare
can make each other happy.
And what's that
supposed to mean?
Boy, talking to you
is a real waste of time.
(Clare sighs)
I didn't think I was
gonna be so nervous.
Well, you want
some words of wisdom?
Yeah.
Don't make such
a big deal about it.
It's just a race.
Tell your friend over there that
I'm not deep enough for subtext.
Listen, Clare, we're ready.
Let's go.
Okay.
Bye.
Good shape,
you guys.
Donna, calling Mel
was the right thing to do.
I don't know.
I feel like
maybe I am a spy.
Well, he needs to know just
how weird David's been acting.
What exactly did he say?
Well, what could he say?
He's scared, just like me.
So you don't think
it's just the money?
Well, I thought
that at first.
But David's been
acting so extreme,
like he's manic.
Who isn't sometimes?
I know.
But then I think
about his mother.
She's manic-depressive.
And that can
be inherited.
Well, maybe David should
see a doctor.
Yeah, I think
he should.
But what if he won't go?
RACE ANNOUNCER (over bullhorn):
Attention, coxswain,
bring your shells to the line.
Kegger boat, ready?
BGB boat, ready?
(gunshot)
(crowd cheering)
Pull harder
through the water, guys!
Stay together!
Power stroke! One...
CLARE:
Drive those legs down!
Eight...
nine...
ten!
One, two, three!
Five, six...!
CLARE:
...six, seven, eight.
Who do we root for?
Well, what are
the odds of a tie?
About as good as a chance
as KEG has of winning this race.
Pull! Pull! Pull through
the water! We got 'em!
CLARE:
Strike water! Pull!
15 strokes hard! One, two,
three! Legs down! Five!
...nine, ten.
One, two, three...!
(cheering)
Come on!
You know, I still
can't believe
Steve got so into this.
Yeah, he is
really holding his own.
Wow, they're
practically even.
All right, let's pull!
One, two...!
CLARE:
Oars in the water! Deep pull!
Last 20! Two...
...seven, eight, nine, ten!
One...
I'm impressed. Steve
can really row, look.
Oh!
Clare's not bad, either.
...14, 15...
Power stroke for
the last 20, guys!
...18, 19, 20.
...four, five, six, seven...
(cheering)
CLARE:
Push it! Push it!
That's it! Push ahead!
Yeah! Whoo!
Whoo!
Dang!
(all cheering)
That was so great!
Oh, Steve.
Clare!
(laughs)
That was so intense.
Uh! You did great.
No, you did all
the work.
You were amazing.
Thanks.
(chuckles)
Don't worry about it, guys.
We gave it our best shot.
Nothing to be ashamed of.
(team laughing)
Congratulations.
It was so close.
And yet so far.
(chuckles)
So, what time's dinner?
Guys, you're not seriously
gonna do this, are you?
Yeah, a bet's a bet.
6:30 okay?
Life is good.
(chuckles)
Clare, we can't start
the celebration without you.
Okay, one sec,
I'll be there.
Okay, I'll see you tonight.
(chuckles)
Go ahead, gloat,
you earned it.
You did really well.
Eh...
Oh, come on. You lost
by, like, an inch.
I'm proud of you.
I haven't felt that way
in a really long time.
DICK:
Clare!
Clare, come on.
You'd better go.
Okay. Bye.
All right, yeah!
The Clarester!
DICK:
Hey, what can we say?
You led us to victory.
Well, all I did was yell.
Oh, no, no, you pushed us
to our painful best,
and in fine crew tradition,
we want to honor
your contribution
with a little ceremonial
revenge. Guys?
What're you talking about?
No! No! No... guys!
ALL:
One, two...
Here we go!
three!
(yelling)
(all cheering)
(spluttering)
(knocking)
Hi.
Hi. What's up?
Nothing.
I just came by
to say thank you
for your help.
I asked for your advice,
and I got your help.
What're you talking about?
Val said you talked to her.
Oh, yeah. Was I out of line?
No, no, no, everything
worked out for the best.
I'm glad. Valerie's lucky
to have such a good friend.
Yeah, so am I.
You want to get something
to eat?
Yeah, sure.
Just let me get my keys.
Okay.
Don't forget
those D-cells.
(laughs)
Shut up.
(ringing)
Hello?
(receiver clicks, dial tone)
(phone rings)
Hello?
Hey.
Was that you who called?
Three rings.
I guess you're ready to tell me
what that means now.
It means that I'm falling
in love with you.
Mark...
Or that I've fallen
and I can't get up.
Sometimes I get them confused,
you know?
(chuckles)
See you tomorrow?
Yes, you will.
Good.
(car door opens, then shuts)
(doorbell chimes)
Hi.
I didn't see you at the dinner.
Well, I begged Dick
not to go through with it.
Was it really awful?
It was the only seven-course
meal in fraternity history.
You must be tired, huh?
A little.
You want to come in?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
Just doing
a little reading.
You have changed.
What book?
You're gonna laugh.
No, I won't.
It's by Horatio Alger.
It's a rags-to-riches story:
hard work and sincerity triumph
over adversity.
You enjoying it?
Immensely.
Hmm.
Everything but the title,
anyway.
Ragged Dick.
(laughs)
Kind of funny, huh?
You know, I don't think I ever
want to hear that name again.
What's that supposed to mean?
Are you saying...
Yeah, I'm saying.
I love you so much, Clare.
I really missed you.
I love you, too.
Shut up and bite me.
(growls)
(giggles)
Hey.
Didn't your mom
ever tell you the one
about all work and no play?
Yeah, but she left out the part
about going broke.
Ah. So I guess
it'd be in bad taste
to invite you
to this hot new club?
Sorry.
You know without money,
I'm not gonna be able to get
this club back on its feet.
And with it?
That doesn't matter, I mean,
'cause I don't have it.
I did.
But I don't have it anymore.
What happened?
You were robbed?
No. I had an attack of ethics.
Happens to the worst of us.
Hmm.
You know, I always wondered what
it'd be like owning this place.
David, like a bleeding ulcer.
Would cash make
the bleeding stop?
David, why did you come here?
(chuckles)
Well, originally to find a dance
partner for the evening.
But it seems like there might be
more of a long-term arrangement.
Like what?
I think I might have
a solution to your problem.
What, are you serious?
You mean like a loan
or something?
(chuckles) No.
More like buying half interest
in the club.
You have that kind of money?
And more.
So, what do you say?
I say we have a deal.
(both chuckle)